Removed Dr. Jane MacFarlane references
Footnotes vs references
UC Berkeley Institute of Transportation Studies modeling of diverter configurations designed by OakDOT - footnote
iamges!

piot c missing source






Hi Tamir,
 
Thank you for your activism and guidance with website building. I reviewed the webpages as of 02/08 9 pm and captured the edits listed below categorized by webpages. Highlights: we have very convincing/simple content, webpage F is brand new and webpage G requires additional massaging. Edward and I are planning to develop a “Heat map” webpage to show density of support for the pilot in the trapezoid.
 
As of 02/07, it appeared Zac Hunger was still contemplating a Feb 19th community meeting. I’m back in town today from Tahoe, Tegan will be back in town Tuesday. Does it seem reasonable to target Wed 02/11 as Go Live?
I’m wondering if an optimal communication strategy is releasing the website ~ 1 week before the soon-to-be-organized community meeting. Why 1 week? A good balance between giving enough time for fellow neighbors to digest the website before the community meeting, not enough time for the pilot opponents to organize with an alternative. WDYT?
 
Thank you, Pascal
 
List edits categorized by webpages:
Webpage A


Insert reference/foot note to substantiate “ Over 10,000 cars / day
Traffic counting equipment compiled ADT as ~3,500 on Colby, ~1,900 on Hillegass, and ~2,100 on Martin/Ayala. It is estimated that the other ~12 streets of the trapezoid carry over 2,500 in aggregate.

Replace “Lower Rockridge neighborhood” with “Lower Rockridge Trapezoid (*)”
Add footnote: (*) Lower Rockridge trapezoid is the residential area delimited by 4 avenues - College, Claremont, Telegraph and Alcatraz - with 14 points of entry/exit for car traffic
Replace “After three years of studies, meetings, and promises, it's time for action” with “After 15+ years of residents lobbying the City, years of studies, 2 petitions1,2 with hundreds of signature requesting traffic volume reduction (a, b), 2 years of meetings, it's time for action
Add two footnotes
2021 petition requesting trapezoid to be converted into a permanent slow neighborhood
2025 petition requesting a first pilot to reduce traffic volume by leveraging diverters
Replace “10,000 cars per day through our neighborhood” with “10,000 cars per day through the Lower Rockridge trapezoid”
Replace “Reduce traffic by a minimum of 60% cutting through the Lower Rockridge trapezoid(*)”
Replace “1,000,000 cut-through cars per year we aim to eliminate from our residential streets” with “1,000,000 cut-through cars per year we aim to eliminate from our streets in the Lower Rockridge trapezoid
 

Webpage B


Align 3 principles with 3 photos on the right
On photo #2, replace “No parking” sign with “Lower Rockridge”
On photo #2, replace “Slow Street” sign with “Slow Neighborhood”
Webpage C


Replace “Navigation apps turned our neighborhood into a highway” with “Navigation apps turned our neighborhood from residential to thoroughfare”
Replace “NACTO guidance says no more than” with “NACTO guidance establish as a ceiling”
Replace “The new JCC facility will generate up to 338 additional peak-hour vehicle trips (Fehr & Peers CEQA study)” with “The new Jewish Community Center (JCC) facility will generate up to 338 additional peak-hour vehicle trips - source: California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) study3 conducted as part of the JCC remodel permitting process
Include a footnote (or side quotation?) with “3 Fehr & Peers study quantifying environmental impact of future JCC
Include a weblink referencing the Fehr & Peers document
Replace “Google Maps that route them through residential streets to shave seconds off their commute” with “Google Maps that route them through residential streets to shave time off their commute”
Webpage D


Replace “measured vs. standards” with “current measured vs. safety standards”
Add a horizontal scale (or arrow?) from 0 to 6,000 on horizontal bar chart
In applicable standard column
                                                         i.      Update header as max threshold

                                                       ii.      Replace “OakDOT bike route” with “FHWA and OakDOT bike route”

Update numbers as
                                                         i.      Colby Street ~3,500

                                                       ii.      Martin Street ~2,000

                                                     iii.      FHWA max threshold for local street ~700

                                                     iv.      FHWA max threshold for bike route ~2,000

Webpage E


Remove all references to UC Berkeley, Institute of Transportation, Jane MacFarlane
Replace “120-day pilot” with “1 year pilot (*)”
Add footnote:  (*) based on OakDOT experience, pilot require a minimum of 3-4 months for traffic patterns to be rebooted and another 6-9 months to measure impact and take into account seasonal variations (e.g. schools on/off)
Repurpose “Data-driven” text box with  “Modern urban design”
In “Modern urban design”, summarize advantages of Barcelona superblocks – reclaiming streets for people and include weblink to web source
 

Webpage F *NEW*


Create new webpage based on slide in PPT doc: RockridgeSlowNeighborhood Overview DRAFT 20260119.pptx
Emphasize key message: “Pilot first things first”
Webpage G

 
Revise the Evidence text boxes TBD
Webpage H


Include callouts to emphasize results in terms of traffic reduction
Include 1 or 2 visuals to carry over the neighborhood vision, e.g. picture from Barcelona superblocks


Webpage I


Replace header “What you can do right now” with “Demand immediate action!”
Include a text box titled “Support the immediate kick-off of the diverter-based pilot OakDOT proposed 18 months ago”
In the text box titled “Support the immediate kickoff…”, insert 3 text fields to type up Name, Email address, Street lived on (all 3 text fields mandatory to before pressing the Submit button)
 

Every webpage
Remove “Modeling: Dr. Jane MacFarlane, UC Berkeley Institute of Transportation Studies / Smart Cities Research Center. Based on 5 years of SFCTA synthetic population data. Published research”